leadership comes in all flavors. Um, I'm not sure. I would say that leadership
styles are dying out, But what I would say is that we're we
find failure anathema, right? It's it's not acceptable. But the reality
is we all fail. We all have problems. We all do things that we
wish we hadn't done. And they have an impact on other people. The acceptance
that failure is a natural part of any career path of any experience
in life. Failure is going to happen to everybody at some point,
and it's not whether a person failed or not. It's how we learn
from that failure. That's where the Mercy Mercy comes in. As faras you
know, a leader is concerned. Realizing this just because someone
screwed it up doesn't mean they have nothing to add. No, if someone
does something wrong, instead of sidelining him, perhaps embrace him,
let him know that they did it wrong, but also let him know that they're
still part of the team. They're still gonna be included, and they
are part of the team's success. When that does come